code-styled/reisub0.md, before:

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=reisub0" alt="reisub0" />
</p>

<h3>Why, hello there.</h3>

Here's my `Manifest.toml`:

```toml

[personal]
name = 'Govind KP'
city = 'Bengaluru, India'
email = 'reisub0 "at" gmail.com'

[professional]
currently-employed = true
title = 'Software Development Engineer'
employer = 'MathWorks Inc.'

[bio]
categories = [
  'generalist',
]
interests = [
  'functional-programming',
  'linux',
  'open-source',
]
programming-languages = [
  'c/cpp',
  'python',
  'unity/c#',
  'rust',
  'go',
]


```

I'm always interested in meeting new people, so feel free to reach out to me using the links below.

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:reisub0@gmail.com"><img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/725/725643.svg" height="20" width="20" /></a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/govind-kp"><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/linkedin.svg" height="20"     width="20" /></a>
</p>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=reisub0&show_icons=true" alt="reisub0" /> 

</p>
<p align="left"> </p>



⭐️ From [reisub0](https://github.com/[reisub0])

Commit message:

Cleanup (Code-styled/reisub0.md) Fixes profile link, adds link to blog
Signed-off-by: reisub0 <reisub0@gmail.com>

code-styled/reisub0.md, after:

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=reisub0" alt="reisub0" />
</p>

<h3>Why, hello there.</h3>

Here's my `Manifest.toml`:

```toml

[personal]
name = 'Govind KP'
city = 'Bengaluru, India'
email = 'reisub0 "at" gmail.com'

[professional]
currently-employed = true
title = 'Software Development Engineer'
employer = 'MathWorks Inc.'

[bio]
categories = [
  'generalist',
]
interests = [
  'functional-programming',
  'linux',
  'open-source',
]
programming-languages = [
  'c/cpp',
  'python',
  'unity/c#',
  'rust',
  'go',
]

```

You can find my blog at https://reisub0.github.io.

I'm always interested in meeting new people, so feel free to reach out to me using the links below.

<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:reisub0@gmail.com"><img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/725/725643.svg" height="20" width="20" /></a>
  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/govind-kp"><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@3.0.1/icons/linkedin.svg" height="20"     width="20" /></a>
</p>

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=reisub0&show_icons=true" alt="reisub0" /> 

</p>
<p align="left"> </p>



⭐️ From [reisub0](https://github.com/reisub0)
