dynamic-realtime/JonathanGin52.md, before:

# Hey, I'm Jonathan 👋

[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@JonathanGin52-1ca0f1?style=flat-square&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/jonathangin52)](https://twitter.com/jonathangin52) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JonathanGin-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathangin/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathangin/)

Nice to meet you! My name is Jonathan. I'm currently studying and working as a [Dev Degree](https://devdegree.ca/) intern @Shopify. I previously worked on building the [Shopify Fulfillment Network](https://www.shopify.com/fulfillment) as a fullstack developer. Nowadays, I am working on Shopify's Experimentation Platform as a data developer.

## Join my community Connect Four game!
Everyone is welcome to participate! To make a move, click on the number at the top of the column you wish to drop a disc in.

It is the **red** team's turn to play.
|[1](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C1&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[2](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C2&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[3](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C3&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[4](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C4&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[5](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C5&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[6](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C6&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[7](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C7&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|
| - | - | - | - | - | - | - |
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|

Tired of waiting? [Request a move](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7Cai&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.) from Connect4Bot!

Interested in how everything works? [Click here](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/tree/master/connect4) to read up on what's happening behind the scenes.

**Most recent moves**
| Team | Move | Made by |
| ---- | ---- | ------- |
| Blue | 2 | [@jerry70450](https://github.com/jerry70450) |
| Red | 7 | Connect4Bot on behalf of [@jessicalim8](https://github.com/jessicalim8) |
| Blue | 6 | [@carmelal](https://github.com/carmelal) |
| Red | 3 | [@helenxlin](https://github.com/helenxlin) |
| Blue | 4 | [@shairagavi](https://github.com/shairagavi) |

⭐️ From [@JonathanGin52](https://github.com/JonathanGin52)

Inspired by [timburgan](https://github.com/timburgan)

Commit message:

Update JonathanGin52 with snapshot disclaimer

dynamic-realtime/JonathanGin52.md, after:

# Hey, I'm Jonathan 👋

[![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-@JonathanGin52-1ca0f1?style=flat-square&labelColor=1ca0f1&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/jonathangin52)](https://twitter.com/jonathangin52) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JonathanGin-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathangin/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathangin/)

Nice to meet you! My name is Jonathan. I'm currently studying and working as a [Dev Degree](https://devdegree.ca/) intern @Shopify. I previously worked on building the [Shopify Fulfillment Network](https://www.shopify.com/fulfillment) as a fullstack developer. Nowadays, I am working on Shopify's Experimentation Platform as a data developer.

## Join my community Connect Four game!
**NOTE: There is no way to update this file dynamically. The game below is a snapshot of a past game. To see the game live in action, check out [my profile](https://github.com/JonathanGin52)**

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Moves%20played-60-blue)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Completed%20games-4-brightgreen)
![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Total%20players-13-orange)

Everyone is welcome to participate! To make a move, click on the number at the top of the column you wish to drop a disc in.

It is the **red** team's turn to play.
|[1](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C1&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[2](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C2&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[3](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C3&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[4](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C4&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[5](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C5&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[6](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C6&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|[7](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7C7&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.)|
| - | - | - | - | - | - | - |
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|
|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blank.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/blue.png)|![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/master/images/red.png)|

Tired of waiting? [Request a move](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/issues/new?title=connect4%7Cdrop%7Cblue%7Cai&body=Just+push+%27Submit+new+issue%27.+You+don%27t+need+to+do+anything+else.) from Connect4Bot!

Interested in how everything works? [Click here](https://github.com/JonathanGin52/JonathanGin52/tree/master/connect4) to read up on what's happening behind the scenes.

**Most recent moves**
| Team | Move | Made by |
| ---- | ---- | ------- |
| Blue | 2 | [@jerry70450](https://github.com/jerry70450) |
| Red | 7 | Connect4Bot on behalf of [@jessicalim8](https://github.com/jessicalim8) |
| Blue | 6 | [@carmelal](https://github.com/carmelal) |
| Red | 3 | [@helenxlin](https://github.com/helenxlin) |
| Blue | 4 | [@shairagavi](https://github.com/shairagavi) |

⭐️ From [@JonathanGin52](https://github.com/JonathanGin52)

Inspired by [timburgan](https://github.com/timburgan)
